l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb/README.rst, before:

========================
Japan Partner Title QWeb
========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fl10n--japan-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/l10n-japan/tree/13.0/l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb
    :alt: OCA/l10n-japan
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/l10n-japan-13-0/l10n-japan-13-0-l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/257/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module makes necessary adjustments to show title "様" and
"御中" in configured display position for partner names in QWeb reports.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-japan/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-japan/issues/new?body=module:%20l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Tim Lai <tl@quartile.co>
* Takuya Sawada <takuya@tuntunkun.com>
* Yoshi Tashiro <tashiro@quartile.co>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/l10n-japan <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-japan/tree/13.0/l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb: Migration to 16.0

l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb/README.rst, after:

========================
Japan Partner Title QWeb
========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fl10n--japan-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/l10n-japan/tree/16.0/l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb
    :alt: OCA/l10n-japan
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/l10n-japan-16-0/l10n-japan-16-0-l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/257/16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module makes necessary adjustments to show titles such as "様" and "御中" in the
configured display position for partner names in QWeb reports and website pages that
call the base.conact_name template for partner name presentation.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Go to Contacts > Configuration > Contact Titles, and update the display position
(before/after name) for the titles that should show in QWeb reports / website pages.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-japan/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-japan/issues/new?body=module:%20l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Quartile Limited

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Tim Lai <tl@quartile.co>
* Takuya Sawada <takuya@tuntunkun.com>
* Yoshi Tashiro <tashiro@quartile.co>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/l10n-japan <https://github.com/OCA/l10n-japan/tree/16.0/l10n_jp_partner_title_qweb>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
